Old Man Wilfred

Have you heard about the murder? ...
Do you have any suspects? ...
Can I investigate your room? ...
Where were you the night of the murder? ...


Gregory (Nerd)

Have you heard about the murder? - There was a murder!? Oh man, this is just like "Trek Wars: Annihilation", just with a hotel, humans, and actual murder!)
Do you have any suspects? - Well, uh... not really.  I don't see the others much, but () frightens me a little.
Can I investigate your room? - Well alright, but don't touch my computer.  I'm almost to level 820 of "Call of the Wild: Odyssey") 
Where were you the night of the murder? - In my room, obviously.


Tracy Porter (Celeb)

Do you have any suspects? - Are you kidding me?  Of course I know who did it!  It was (Old Man Wilfred, Gregory, the receptionist, the manager)
	(That old creep always gives me the heeby-jeebies.  I don't think he liked anyone)
	(People always throw out the idea that the nerd did it, but come on!  He was probably plotting this in his room for weeks!)
	(She hated how I was the one that Stephen loved, instead of her.  If she couldn't have Stephen, then nobody could!)
	(That man never cared about anything than money.  That crook killed him in order to drum up some publicity for the hotel!)  
Where were you the night of the murder? - I will admit, I was in his room.  But I didn't do anything!  I loved him more than the world, more than even myself!
Can I investigate your room? - Okay, but you better not be looking for any souvenirs!



Receptionist (Cheryl)

Do you have any suspects?  - Oh, definitely not (Old Man Wilfred, Gregory, Tracy Porter),
	(he gives everyone disapproving looks, except Stephen.  Wilfred always treated Stephen like a grandson.)    
	(I don't think Gregory even knew who Stephen was, since they lived such different lifestyles.)
	(Tracy Porter loved Stephen a whole-lot, nothing could seperate them.  Except death of course...)
Where were you the night of the murder? - I wasn't even around that night.  I was in Brooklyn, visiting family.  Everyone will vouch for me.



Manager (Kevin)

When you first walk in - Thank you so much for coming detective! The hotel hasn't been the same since the murder.  Stephen was such a fine young man too...
Can I have a peek in your office? - Yes, of course
Do you have any suspects? -  Oh.  Well I'm not sure if I'm allowed to have an opinion here, but I'd watch out for (Old Man Wilfred, Gregory, Tracy Porter), 
	(I don't even know what he does all day, he just lurks in his room; He just sits in his room, probably hating everybody; She was in his room the night of the murder, but says she didn't see anything)
Where were you the night of the murder? - In my office, filing some paperwork for our hotel taxes